you
how's it going Dave 2d here you remember
when I started my videos like that those
were terrible okay this is my personal
setup of 2019 so the stuff that I used
the most frequent over the course of
this year and you've seen bits and
pieces of this over the course of my
videos they're just kind of compiled
into this compilation of things that I
enjoyed the most of this year and I
start off with the laptop first this is
the silver white it's mercury something
mercury silver razor blade 15 and one of
the reasons why I like this device so
much is because of its design aesthetic
it's got that nice clean look and unlike
the black one this one doesn't show
fingerprints like it's just a very clean
design to it and also it doesn't show
Nicks and scratches like you can just
scrape this thing and even if it does
scratch it's just you know it still
stays silver so that's why I like this
one instead of the black one and it's
got really good gaming performance
really good video editing performance
it's just a really good laptop overall
the one thing that I don't like about
this thing and I've talked about it many
times in my videos the right shift key I
don't know why Fraser does this it's
like in this bizarre position that only
affects me and after using a device like
this with this keyboard layout for over
a year at this point I still haven't
gotten used to it
I still make mistakes when I hit this
thing like it's it's my bane but I like
the laptop overall I did a review
recently on the 16 inch MacBook Pro and
as much as I liked that device compared
to the old one and how much they've
improved the keyboard and the overall
product I still prefer the Razer Blade I
think it just comes down to the fact
that I've gotten used to Windows 10 and
I just liked it more than I used to as
well as the price point like this is
already a really expensive laptop at
twenty four twenty five hundred bucks
like the configuration I want on the 16
inch MacBook Pro it's almost four
thousand dollars so I end up returning
that thing going with the razor blade
okay I guess the phone phone is next the
one that I use the most this year is the
one plus seven Pro I absolutely love
this phone I've dropped it a half-dozen
times it's cracked like crazy so I put a
D brand skin on it but this is a phone
that felt fast on day one and still
seven eight months later it still feels
superfast
I love the software I love the hardware
I love the screen it's just like
it's a bangin phone and this thing goes
for 550 bucks right now this is a really
good value off of the like the one plus
store if you're interested in a really
good phone this has my wholehearted
recommendation and the icon pack I'm
running it's called flight I've shown
this a couple times of my videos and the
wallpaper is just like it's a custom one
I'll link both of those things down
below so the other phone that you use a
lot of this year is the iPhone se and I
mean this just happened to be the phone
that I picked up for iMessage but I've
grown to really appreciate what this
thing offers it is so weird that this
thing is as fast and as capable as it is
considering how old it is but I love the
size and even though it's just
essentially an iMessage tool for me I
still appreciate what Apple offers in a
phone that is of this age okay so this
computer is used as a laptop like 90
percent of time but occasionally I plug
it up to a monitor and when I do it's a
monitor that have shown before it's the
LG 30 at UC 99 and it's just a
widescreen display that I use for video
editing it's curved it's clean it's
white you can't go wrong with that thing
now when I have this connected to my
monitor I'll use an external keyboard
and the one that I'm using a lot of
right now is this thing so this is
actually a modified version of the key
cron k2 you might have seen in other
people's videos it's this grayish
looking keyboard that honestly looks
very uninspiring i spray-painted that
thing and made this and also swapped out
the key caps it is a wireless mechanical
keyboard that has a really long battery
life that's probably the it's big
advantage over a lot of other wireless
mechanical keyboards this thing can
easily last like two three weeks of
regular use it's got a pretty big
battery in here and it supports both
Windows and Mac OS quite reliably over
Bluetooth so you can switch between
those operating systems if you have
multiple systems you want to connect
your keyboard between them it's a really
solid keyboard and it's only 80 bucks
with really great reviews for a wireless
mechanical keyboard of this caliber I
think that price is very fair the key
caps are expensive I'll link them but
like I think they're hundred and eighty
dollars if I'm not mistaken but that's
the key border that I'm running a lot
over this year the keyboard that I used
earlier this year was the control
keyboard this is expensive this is a
$200 keyboard it's
different caliber of mechanical keyboard
like these have removable switches and
you got to be like a keyboard nut to
purchase something like this but I
highly recommend the key cron k2 the
mouse that I used a lot in the beginning
of this here was the Logitech G Pro
replace it with this this is the Razer
Viper this is probably gonna win awards
for like best wireless gaming mask of
the year because this thing is so good
this thing exceeded expectations
Razer is not known for like light mice
and their wireless mice are mediocre
this thing is look at my review look at
anybody's review this is a solid mess oh
I highly recommend this if you are into
gaming even if you're not like it's just
super super responsive Mouse what's next
I guess we'll talk about accessories my
favorite charging cables are these guys
from chiffon or chiffon I never know how
to pronounce them but they're just
they're super reliable super versatile
and they're inexpensive they're like 9
bucks and I have all the heads like
lightning USBC micro it's got all the
good stuff the drive that I use for all
of myself like storing games editing
videos are these SSD to go from angel
Burt I believe and I like them a lot
more than the really popular Samsung t5
drives like the cables on the angel
birds that go right into the slot so
they stay secure they'd ever really
wiggle around and get loose so they're
just they're solid drives liked them a
lot
the battery pack that I use a lot so
these are anchors power cord batteries
this is an older one and I like okay so
if this is what I've noticed about
battery packs in general batteries in
these kind of like portable battery
banks tend to degrade relatively quickly
if they're super cheap and I've noticed
the anchor ones hold their charge way
better than like half a dozen other
brands that I've tried I just I like
them like they're not a sponsor or
anything and I like the white color but
it does not have USBC I've noticed that
they don't make white colored use BC
batteries they still use micro USB which
is a bummer but I like the color and I
like the reliability of these anchor
packs I also still use these headphones
I've shown them a lot these are the B&O
h7s they're so good like a lot of people
prefer
Sony's Bo's I'm all about the h7s I'll
link them below they're older though so
I don't know if you can really get them
anymore the two non tech items still
have them this is a I have a ton of
these books but they're just stuff I
write in these blue books from poppin
yeah pop in there just like a notebook
that I have for everything and a knife
that I use for I just have this in my
bag I just pulled it out again for this
video but I unbox stuff with it and I
just use it for anything
knife II okay I think that wraps it up
that is the stuff that I've been using
the most of over this year 2019 and if
there's any questions about any of this
stuff I will answer them to the best of
my ability in the comments hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]